Add docs explaining MERGE + relationship uniqueness constraints (#507)
neo4j/docs-cypher: modules/ROOT/pages/clauses/merge.adoc

Node already exists with label `Person` and property `name` = 'Oliver Stone'
----

> [[query-merge-using-relationship unique-constraints]]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[[query-merge-using-relationship-unique-constraints]]
```

== Using relationship property uniqueness constraints with `MERGE`

All that has been said above about node uniqueness constraints also applies to relationship uniqueness constraints.
However, for relationship uniqueness constraints there are some additional things to consider.

> For example, given a relationship uniqueness constraint on `()-[:ACTED_IN(year)]-()` and a query where some or all of the nodes of the pattern are not bound, e.g., `MERGE (charlie:Person {name: 'Charlie Sheen'})-[r:ACTED_IN {year: 1987}]->(wallStreet:Movie {title: 'Wall Street'})`.
> Then by the all-or-nothing semantics of `MERGE`, the query will fail if there exists a relationship with the given `year` property but there is no match for the full pattern.
> Since no match was found for the pattern, `MERGE` will try to create the full pattern including a relationship with `{year: 1987}`, which will lead to constraint violation error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if there exists a relationship uniqueness constraint on `()-[:ACTED_IN(year)]-()`, then the following query,  in which not all nodes of the pattern are bound, would fail:
	
[source, cypher, role=test-fail]
----
MERGE (charlie:Person {name: 'Charlie Sheen'})-[r:ACTED_IN {year: 1987}]->(wallStreet:Movie {title: 'Wall Street'})
RETURN charlie.name, type(r), wallStreet.title
----
	
This is due to the all-or-nothing semantics of `MERGE`, which causes the query to fail if there exists a relationship with the given `year` property but there is no match for the full pattern.
In this example, since no match was found for the pattern, `MERGE` will try to create the full pattern including a relationship with `{year: 1987}`, which will lead to constraint violation error.
```

> Therefore, it is advised - especially when there are relationship uniqueness constraints - to always use bound nodes in the `MERGE` pattern.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Therefore, it is advised - especially when relationship uniqueness constraints exist - to always use bound nodes in the `MERGE` pattern.
```

> So instead of the above query, it is better to use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following would, therefore, be a more appropriate composition of the query:
```

Node already exists with label `Person` and property `name` = 'Oliver Stone'
----

[[query-merge-using-relationship-unique-constraints]]
== Using relationship property uniqueness constraints with `MERGE`

All that has been said above about node uniqueness constraints also applies to relationship uniqueness constraints.
However, for relationship uniqueness constraints there are some additional things to consider.

For example, if there exists a relationship uniqueness constraint on `()-[:ACTED_IN(year)]-()`, then the following query,  in which not all nodes of the pattern are bound, would fail:
	

> [source, cypher, role=test-fail]

Reviewer: ```suggestion

.Query	
[source, cypher, role=test-fail]
```
